README.md, before:

![UMA](logo.png)

Unity Multipurpose Avatar System, or UMA for short, is a free character creation and modification system with lots of cool features. UMA was designed with flexibility in mind, so although it's primary purpose is for working with humanoid characters, its systems can be adapted to work with any model you like. So if you want to create modifiable, optimised models for use in your games. UMA is the place to start. As a community project UMA is always being improved. Although the best efforts are made to keep this wiki up to date, it relies on the spare time of helpful individuals to maintain. If you want more help or feel like chipping in then get involved with one of the community links below.


Git repo: https://github.com/umasteeringgroup/UMA

Wiki:     http://umadocs.secretanorak.com/doku.php?id=start

Forum:    http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/uma-unity-multipurpose-avatar-on-the-asset-store.219175

License:  MIT

[![UMA Intro](intro.png)](https://youtu.be/qzJeMWNEhWM)]

Commit message:

Version 4.1.1 includes the new serialization technique that I modified off of v28 of the master branch. This is absolutely not the version on the asset store.

README.md, after:

![UMA](logo.png)

Version 4.1.1

This is not the version on the asset store. This is my own branch off of v28, which deleted about 2,000 lines of code and rewrote the json serialization, such that it could be dumped into a list and serialized into binary. This version is dramatically different from the other branches, but I think you'll find the code more understandable and useful. I am the sole contributor, unless you want to contribute artwork. Try it out. You might find that this is exactly what you have been missing for your BIG game. Just drop the UMA directory into your asset directory, and you have installed it.

Unity Multipurpose Avatar System, or UMA for short, is a free character creation and modification system with lots of cool features. UMA was designed with flexibility in mind, so although it's primary purpose is for working with humanoid characters, its systems can be adapted to work with any model you like. So if you want to create modifiable, optimised models for use in your games. UMA is the place to start. As a community project UMA is always being improved. Although the best efforts are made to keep this wiki up to date, it relies on the spare time of helpful individuals to maintain. If you want more help or feel like chipping in then get involved with one of the community links below.


Git repo: https://github.com/tarbalReboot/UMA

Wiki:     http://umadocs.secretanorak.com/doku.php?id=start

Forum:    http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/uma-unity-multipurpose-avatar-on-the-asset-store.219175

License:  MIT
